# Client Meeting on 2/6/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/2/06/3:30pm

## Meeting End Time

2023/2/06/4:10pm

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jude, Ryan, John, Dawson, Carter, and Blaine

## Minute Recorder

Ryan

## Topics Discussed

- We walked Blaine through the new features of this iteration.
- Blaine used our software.
- Blaine gave input on our features and gave us ideas he thought would be good to implement.
  - Make ngx-charts for search-terms which would match what he has implemented in his CaseBuilder software.
  - Allow Super-Admin to edit an organization name. 
  - Allow user to select different rows for ngx-table.
  - Ideas for making UI standout more.

## Things Clarified

- Clarified what has been done so far for the project and what is left to do. 
- Clarified the reasoning behind us doing the project, and Blaine made it a point it would be very beneficial to him if we can implement AWS Cognito.

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?
  - The client used the software as intended. He found a bug that occured which didn't allow the page to automatically update organizations, which has been fixed. 
- What features did they test in your software?
  - Blaine tested out being able to create, edit, and delete users as an admin. He also tested out viewing for the user metrics that get displayed.
- How long did they use your software?
  -  Blaine used our software for approximately 10 minutes.
- How was their reaction to the software?
  - Blaine's overall reaction was positive. He actually mentioned implementing something he saw in our software into his own software that he was working on currently.  
- Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
  - Something good we recognized was Blaine mentioning implementing a little feature we had into his own code. 
- Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
  - The only issue we saw was the tables not automatically updating as data was inputted into them, because they were working at a point before the meeting. But since the meeting, it was corrected. 
