# Client Meeting on 3/20/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/3/20/3:30pm

## Meeting End Time

2023/3/20/4:00pm

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Carter, Dawson, John, Jude, Ryan and Blaine

## Minute Recorder

Dawson

## Topics discussed

- We went over the new features of the software for this iteration with Blaine.
- Blaine was able to use our software.
- Blaine gave input to what we what we had done and what could be done.
  - Next iteration possibilities: pie chart for allocated minutes, total minutes versus what users have used
  - Suggested for the delete organization button of a pop-up that will alert that it will delete every user in the organization
  - Change buttons to ion-icons, such as the edit/delete buttons
  - Ngx data table to use Headers, Footers, and a Filter option
  - Update the side menu bars
  - Make sure an email is an email
    -An issue regarding this completely broke the application
  - Fix issues with the data chart not updating data

## Things Clarified

- We clarified what has been done so far for the project and what is left to do.

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?
  - The client used the software as intended, going over the organization and metrics.
- What features did they test in your software?
  - Our client tested the functionalities of: creating, editing, and deleting users and organizations, as well as viewing the metrics provided.
- How long did they use your software?
  - Our client used the software for approximately 10 minutes.
- How was their reaction to the software?
  - Our client's overal reaction was positive. 
- Did you recognize anything unusal/different/good/bad?
  - Outside of an issue around the super admin page, the software ran as expected.
- Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
  - Super admin page bugged out due to storage session for the user was not cleared out.
