# Week of 12/04/2022 - 12/10/2022

## Meeting Start Time
2022/12/06/11/00 

## Meeting End Time
2022/12/06/11/40

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
Carter, Ryan, Jude, Dawson, John, and Casey

## Minute Recorder
Ryan

## Topics Discussed
- We showed off our project so far and what we have done.
- Casey gave us feedback with the project. He said we were a lot better off than last iteration at this time. 
- Casey also looked over our documentation page, and gave us a good idea about adding Flyway to the Back-end documentation.
- We discussed a bug in our software which didn't allow us to send the 'uuid' from front end to back end when associating user to organization. Casey gave us help on Google searches to solve problem.
- We discussed his suggestion for working over break.

## Things Clarified
- Clarified what left for us to do to present a fully functional first iteration project.
- Clarified things with back-end documentation for replication.
