## John
I found presenting at the student symposium to be a good experience I think we learned a lot about how to explain and showcase our project better. Given some of our interactions with the people we talked about our project to especially the judges I think we could make effective changes to our presentation style to better convey the value of our project. The one issue I found we ran into a few times was that some of the none CS people we talked to had a hard time separating what our project was doing from the functionality of the actual chuqlab software as we would explain briefly what the chuqlab software did and why we were building the user portals for that software some people would then ignore what we were trying to explain about the value and  functionality of what we had made and instead ask us questions about the crime miner software which of course we would have to tell them is just the software were supporting with our user portals and these people would lose interest after that. But with that feedback in all I belive we could create a better presentation knowing what we know now. 

 ## Ryan
Overall, I would say I had a positive time at the student symposium. Although we didn't get an award, it was pretty cool to look around and see other people and their work from different departments in the university. There were a lot of different people who worked hard on different and difficult problems. Also, it also felt nice to be able to show off our project to others who were interested and explain that we solved a problem for a company. At first it seemed kind of hard to explain to people who weren't savvy in technology about our project, but after a little bit of talking to people an answering questions it seemed to be a lot easier to make explanations more understandable for people who had less knowledge on the topic. 
